Thank you for choosing to use my Completion Designer Program.  The program uses
the following .txt files to work.

input.txt - this file needs to be entered as a COMMAND LINE ARGUEMENT.  The format
for this file can be seen in the input_format_description.txt file.  Using this file
format can allow for the anaysis of multiple seive analyses from across your field to
determine the proper gravel pack and slot size for a new drilling program.

output.txt - this file needs to be entered as a COMMAND LINE ARGUEMENT.  This will be
your report of the analysis that will show your worst case scenario grain size as
well as the recommendation of the properly sized gravel pack and slot size based
on the entered data.

standard_gravel_pack_sizes.txt - this file is used in the functions in the HEADER
FILE GravelPackSlotSize.h.  This file can be edited for the available sizes of
gravel pack sand at the time of analysis.  The data required is a mesh size of the
gravel pack as one integer ie. (12 X 20 = 1220) followed by a space followed by the
median grain size of the gravel.  Ensure to keep sizes in order of largest to
smallest.

standard_slot_widths.txt - this file is used in the functions in the HEADER FILE 
GravelPackSlotSize.h.  This file can be edited for the available sizes of slots.
To edit just put the slot size in decimal format ie. (40 Mesh = 0.040) on a line.
Ensure to keep sizes in order of largest to smallest.

stantdard_seive_sizes.txt - this file is used in the functions in the main
CompletionDesigner.c file.  This file is a list of standard seive files and their
size in inches.  This file can be edited for differnt sizes.  To edit put the 
standard seive size followed by a space followed by the seive size in decimal inches
ie.(10 0.0787).  Ensure to keep sizes in order of largest to smallest.

To determine the proper sizes the general rule of Median Grain Size of Gravel Pack is
between 5-6 times the Median Grain Size of Formation Sand.  The desired slot size is
1/2 the size of the Median Grain Size of Gravel Pack, this is rounded down to the 
next available size.  The worst case scenario is used for all of these to ensure the
best case scenario for sand control in your wells.

Topics to be Graded on:
Use of Command Line Arguements for the input and output files.
Use of Header file to use equations written in a seperate C file.
Use of multiple 2D arrays to store data.
Use of structures to store data.
Use of Input and Output files to store editable data to use in the program.
Use of strcpy and strcat to format strings to desired format.

Thank you,
Steven Clark